Alright, here's what you just learned.
Understand Connect's source/sink architecture and deploy a connector via the REST A P I. Produce and consume Avro-encoded messages using Schema Registry.
Explain schema evolution compatibility modes and choose the right one.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to understand connect's source/sink architecture and deploy a connector via the rest api, produce and consume avro-encoded messages using schema registry, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!